# Class 14

## Read: 14:

### Read: Class 14: Psychological Safety

1. What are three key factors that contribute to psychologically safe teams?
  * Equal speaking time
  * Sensitivity to teammates' feelings
  * Building connections through vulnerable conversations about emotions and struggles.


2. Evaluate, with details, a previous professional setting (or team) you were in with regards to psychological safety.

A. 
I worked at Washington state ferries, we didnt practice much psycological safety, but for me, I tried to engage with my shipmates and make good connections and be comfortable with eachother so when we had busy days or emergencies on the boat, we could trust eachother!


3. What impact do teams that operate with a high degree of psychological safety have on their company and the team members?

A. Coworkers can work together with nop judgement and can share their ideas freely which results in more productivity and commradery. 

### CSS Transforms
1. What does a CSS transform allow the developer to do to an element?

A: 
A CSS transform allows the developer to apply various visual transformations to an element on a web page. These transformations include rotating, scaling, skewing, and translating an element, enabling creative layout and animation effects.

2. Provide an example of a transform and how you could see that being used on a website.

A:
 Using the CSS transform property, I can rotate an element with the "rotate" transform value. I can rotate a figure element with the class "box-1" by 20 degrees clockwise, and another element with the class "box-2" by 55 degrees counterclockwise using ( Trandform: rotate( Xdeg))


### CSS Transitions & Animations
1. What does a CSS transition allow the developer to do to an element?

A:
A CSS transition allows the developer to alter the appearance and behavior of an element when a state change occurs, examples hover, focus, active, or targeted. It enables smooth animations between the different states of an element by defining the transition duration, timing function, and properties to be affected.

2. How does a CSS animation differ from a CSS transition?

A:
A CSS animation os different from a CSS transition in that it allows the developer to define multiple keyframes, providing more control over an element's behavior and appearance during the animation. Animations set various points of transition across different keyframes, while transitions only provide a change from one state to another.

### 8 simple CSS3 transitions that will wow your users
1. What are some benefits to using CSS transitions on websites?

A:
Some benefits of using CSS transitions on websites are that they can add smooth and visually appealing animation effects with just a few lines of code. These transitions can enhance the experience, draw attention to specific elements, and increase user engagement, ultimately leading to higher conversions. Also, CSS3 transitions are hardware accelerated, ensuring optimal performance.

2. How this topic fit in with your long-term goals?

A:
Well having a good foundation of CSS can help me make a cool interactive websites that users will enjoy :D