# 201 day 3 notes.
## JS Conditional Operatiors / Truthy Falsy Values
OPERATORS:
* == Weak equality - less strict, compare and see if it kinda match.
* === Strong equeality - more strict, checks to make sure data types are the same. 
* && Logical And - both sides need to be true: True && False => false
* || logical Or - Only one side needs to be true  True || false => true
* ! Logical inverse (not). one ! make false, two !! make true. - name !== 'jacob'

## Example:
* '33' == 33 => true
* '33' === 33 => false
* !!null = false
* !null = true

## what is false in JavaScript?
* The word false.
* The number 0. only this 0. All posotive and negative numbers are considered true.
* boolean('') = false
* boolean(' ') = true

## CSS Box Model:
* HTML Composition. 
* CSS properties.
What is the CSS Box Model? = Every HTML element rendered in the browser has a box. The box has layers, 4 layers.
  1. The inner most layer = The size of the content. It changes shape based on  the content.
  2. The padding is second layer. = Padding is the space between the content and its border.
  3. the border is the third layer = By default it is invis/don't have a layer, but you can add this layer between the padding and margin.
  4. The Margin is 4th/last layer = The outer most layer that provides space between the border of the content and any sibling HTML elements.  
## Loops with Arrays!
* Review of Arrays 
  * What is an array? A container that you can select things from. Put new things inside. All the data types and structures (other arrays) can go inside as well.
  * Push, adding to an array, Pop is taking away.
  * How do we select things from array? select by "index" - Location of a spot in the array.
    * Grabbing the first thing - array[ 0]
    * Grabbing the second thing - array [ 1]
    * SYNTAX: 
      * let array = []; 
      * array[ 0] = 5; 
      * array.push( 5); 
      * console.log(array);
      * //=> [ 5,10]
      * Let lastThingAdded = array.pop( )
      * console.log(firstThing); //=> 10
      * console .log( array); // = > [ 5]
* What is a loop?
  * Code that runs more than once ( ideally)
    * For loop; 
    for( let i =0; i<10; i++){
      console.log( 'the loop has run' + `${ ( i+1)}` + ' times')
    }
    * While loop;
    * do loop;
