# Class 05
## Warm up/notes:
For loop = for( ) { }
### Code Review
* Pair Programming with a partners to add "functions" to our websites. 
### Images / Fonts / Colors

Images:
< p>Text 1< /p>

< ul>
  < li>
    < p>Text 2</p>
  < /li>
  < li>
    < img src="img url">
  < /li>
< /ul>

## Read: Class 05.

### HTML Media
1. What is a real world use case for the alt attribute being used in a website?

It is used to label/explain an image link in your HTML. It can be good because when the browser is slow to load it can give a description of the image to the user incase they dont get to see it.

2. How can you improve accessibility of images in an HTML document?

Using an Alt tag to describe your image. 

3. Provide an example of when the figure element would be useful in an HTML document.

You can use a figure element to be a semantic container of an img and the description of that image. 

4. Describe the difference between a gif image and an svg image, pretend you are explaining to an elder in your community.

A GIF is a basic animation of images, basically take a few images flips through them like a post-it note animation.
An SVG image stands for "scalable vector graphics" and it is an image used for things like interactible stuff on a websight.

5. What image type would you use to display a screenshot on your website and why?

I would use a JPEG, it can compress a image down and is compatible with most websites. I feel for my websites effeciency it would be the best choice. 

### Learn CSS
1. Describe the difference between foreground and background colors of an HTML element, pretend you are talking to someone with no technical knowledge.

The foreground is the color of the "content" of the HTML element, for exampel the text inside a < p> tag. The background is the color of everything else that doesnt get affected by the foreground coloring.

2. Your friend asks you to give his colorless blog website a touch up. How would you use color to give his blog some character?

I would change the color of his background first to a dark grey, light mode users cant be trusted. <-- Joking. I would try and use colors on individual elements of his page so that each section is easily identifiable, and would use colors that are similar/go together well to keep the style of the site proffesional.

3. What should you consider when choosing fonts for an HTML document?

I would consider the purpose of the web page. If it was a proffesional page with a "serious" demeanor, I would choose a font that follows that trend, basic but clean. If its a fun site for all, then who cares, whatever looks the most fun 

4. What do font-size, font-weight, and font-style do to HTML text elements?

Font size changes the pixel size on the page, weight changes the thickness/makes it bold and stuff, and style changes the way in which the font is presented. 

5. Describe two ways you could add spacing around the characters displayed in an h1 element.\

you could add padding which would expand the background, or you could increase the margin which is invisible on the page, but would push other elements away. 