# Reading Notes Class 09

## Design Patter: Callback Functions. 
Definition: A build

onclick="gitName()";
* It is a function that is listening.
* A function that runs after something happens.
  * A function that is invoked by something we dont have diect control over ( programmer)



## Read: Class 09
### HTML Forms
1. Why are forms so important in web development?
A. They are one of the main forms of interaction between the user and the website/app.

2. When designing a form, what are some key things to keep in mind when it comes to user experience?
A. Using single column lay outs, and from the button best practice site, make sure to use buttons that are meaningful to users, that are clearly labeled and shaped to look like a button. For phone apps, if in landscape more put labels on the left and inputs on the right among many other good practices. 

3. List 5 form elements and explain their importance.
  1. < textarea> Adds text to certain spots
  2. < fieldset> Nice way to make groups of widgets 
  3. < legend> describes thhe purpose of a field set.
  4. < button> user interaction to cause something to happen
  5. < label> Describes something/explains purpose to user.


### Learn JS
1. How would you describe events to a non-technical friend?
A. Events in code are something happening in the system you're working on and your system telling you about it so the code you write can respond. Basically us having a conversation on how to do something. Its basically like getting feedback when you are teaching someone something new, and after giving instructions they show you what they did.

2. When using the addEventListener() method, what 2 arguments will you need to provide?
A. target action, like "click" button, and then what doing tha taction will do?


3. Describe the event object. Why is the target within the event object useful?
A. The event object automatically passed to event handlers so it can provide extra features and information.

4. What is the difference between event bubbling and event capturing?
A. Event bubbling is how the browser handles events in targeted nest elemenets. Event capturing is similar but does it in the reverse order. 