# Class 07 JS Constructior Functions

A functions that produces an object. 
  * function createPokemon(name,type){
    let object = {
      name: name,
      type: type,
    }
    return object
}
Constructor function will give you a return property without making a return object. 
  * function Pokemon(name, type) {
      this.name = name;
      this.type = type;

}

Prototype = Another object that represents all the things that are shared between the 

Constructor functions are invoked with the "new" keyword. Without the new keyword, it will be invoked as a normal function, but if its invoked with 

Constructor Take AWays 
  * You can use prototype in the constructor ( Jacob says be careful)
  * Difference between a Constructor and a prototype 
    * Constructor - Building an obkect ( cleanly) 
    * Prototype - ( the DNA of an Object) endemic to every object.
    * Object Created by the consturctor will always inherit the things detained in the prototype.

### HTML Tables.
Tables are kind of complex becasue of how they display elements. 
  * Comumns is x axis
  * Rows is y axis < tr> < td>< /td> < /tr> put td elements into tr
Tags in a table
  * < tr>
  * < td>
  * < thead>
  * < tbody>




## Reading class 07

### Domain Modeling
1. Explain why we need domain modeling.
  * "A domain model that's articulated well can verify and validate the understanding of a specific problem among various stakeholders. As a communication tool, it defines a vocabulary that can be used within and between both technical and business teams." Quoted from reading, second paragraph. 

### HTML Table Basics
1. Why should tables not be used for page layouts?
  * Reduces accessability of the webpage, they create "tag soup" or a mess of tags because of the need to use a more complex markup structure. 
2. List and describe 3 different semantic HTML elements used in an HTML < table>.
  * < table>, < td> = table data, and < tr> table row. 
### Introducing Constructors
1. What is a constructor and what are some advantages to using it?
  *  A constructor is just a function using a new keyword tjat starts with a capitol letter. They are good to use because it lets you skip creating an empty object, initializing it, and returning it. 
2. How does the term this differ when used in an object literal versus when used in a constructor?
  * For object literal, this represents the current instance of the object, and modify it. When this is used in a constructor, it refers to instances being created by the constructor. it allows you to assign values to the new object being constructed. 
### Object Prototypes Using A Constructor
1. Explain prototypes and inheritance via an analogy from your previous work experience.
NOTE: This is a very common front end developer interview question
  * 