# Reading Notes class 10

### JavaScript Debugging
#### 4 Types of JS Errors:
 Type Error: Occurs when we are trying to do something with wrong type. 

 Reference Error Occurs when you refer to a variable / anything that does not exists or is out of scope. 

 Syntax Error: Usually occurs when you have a typo somewhere. 

 Range Error: A constructor or function is running that are impossible to execute with.

#### How To Debug:
1. Diagnose the issues (root cause analyss)
  * You have an error blocking your code ( Read the whole error message 0 address the line of code that is blocking you).
  * You're not getting what you are expecting to get.
2. Audit and/or Trace your code.
  * Trace - go back through your program and validate the why behind your lines of code. For this you should use the debugger.
  * Audit - Log the values of your variables. use your console.log / .warn / .error
    * Console.warn and console.error give you a small stack trace (lines of code that ran before the output is made to the console)
3. Rubber Ducking / Whiteboarding
  * Drawing or talking about your code in a much detail as necessary. 
  * Ask chat GPT to explain your code to you. " reverse rubber ducking" 


## Read class 10:
### What Went Wrong? Troubleshooting JavaScript.
1. Name some key differences between a Syntax Error and a Logic Error.
  Syntax: These errors are from spelling mistakes that dont allow the code to fully run.
  Logic: The code runs successfuly, but it doesnt give the result you were looking for.

2. List a few types of errors that you have encountered in past lab assignments and explain how you were able to correct them.
Well spelling stuff wrong or missing a curly bracket in my code. I did that a few times and broke my code. A logic error could be when I was building my table, and I ran into an issue where my grand totals box was creating another entire hourly totals row below the already established hourly totals row. 

3. How will this topic continue to influence your long term goals?
It will make me work on being diligent with following the syntax, and when I run into logic errors, understanding why they happened and in future code using that knowledge to get the resault I want. 

### The JavaScript Debugger.
1. How would you describe the JavaScript Debugger tool and how it works to someone just starting out in software development?
So the debugger tool will go through your code line by line, top to bottom, and If it runs into an issue with it, it will stop running the script where it found the issue, and then notify the developer of that issue.

2. Define what a breakpoint is.
A breakpoint is where you want to code to pause its exicution when it runs into an issue.

3. What is the call stack?
The Call Stack shows the developer what code was exicuted to get to the current line they stop at or when they reach a breakpoint. 

## Lab 10a Chcolate Cake