# Reading notes 08

### JS Prototypal Inheritance ( extra-curricular )
  What is a prototpye in JS?
  * the DNA for objects bequethed by a constructor function.
  * Object that seves as a commonality among similar objects.

### CSS - Layouts / WireFraming
Display: Flex
Display: Changes how an element is displayed around other elements.
Block: ( default for most things)
Inline: ( default for spans / em / strong)
Inline Block:
Flex: ( responsive mobile layouts.) Allows us to create rows and column in our layouts, works by seleting elements 


## Read: Class 08

### Learn CSS - Flexbox

1. Flexbox is designed for one-dimensional content. Explain what this means.
It excels at taking a variety of items of any size, and making them the best layout it can that fits those items.

2. Explain the difference between the main axis and cross axis.
Your main axis and cross axis is made by the flex direction property. The main axis runs along the column or row, and the cross axis runs on the opposite of whatever is set to the main.

3. How can using certain properties of flexbox negatively impact accessibility?
Anything that changes the order in flexbox or grid can cause the navigation to get messed up, specifically for keyboard tabing through your page. Two examples of flexbox commands that can mess up your page are row reverse and column reverse. 

### CSS Layout - Flexbox

1. What are some advantages of using flexbox over float?
Float cant do these three things quoted in the reading 
  * Vertically centering a block of content inside its parent.
  * Making all the children of a container take up an equal amount of the available width/height, regardless of how much width/height is available.
  * Making all columns in a multiple-column layout adopt the same height even if they contain a different amount of content.

2. How does this topic connect with your long term goals?
This topic relates to modern methods of web design, and I want to become a developer, and currently on the path for web development. I should learn how to make a website properly. 