# Class 04 !

## In class Review: 
Code vreview*, CSS Positioning, JavaScript Functions Pair Programming (Lab Prep) 

- Code Review: 
    * Same alert prompt appears multiple times. 
    * Noticing that I am getting lost in a while loop. 
    * Recommendations:
      * Use the debugger statement.
      * Draw a pictre dfor eevery line of code in your loop.


## CSS Positioning:
BOX MODEL REVIEW
  * HTML elements have a box, that are layered on top of one another.
    * Margin - Speratied sibling elements/elements next to eachother. 
    * Border - The next layer between the content and the margin. 
    * Padding - Space between the border and the content.
* Every Element can be positioned using 'top', 'bottom', 'left' and 'right.
* The CSS position property tells the browser how to interpret these commands. 
  * Static - Default, elements are not movable (top, bottom, left, right). They are styck in their layout. 
  * relative - Element can be moved in relation to its partent or closest sibling elements. 
  * Absolute - Ignores sibling elements, allows position properties to ignore the elements around them.
  * Fixed - Ignores the entire layout. Ignores the parent and sibling elements. 

## JS Functions
What are functions in JavaScript?
* Repeatable chuncks of code / Allows for code blocks to be re-used.
Example:
// Function declaration / function signature
function logStrings( ){
  debugger;
  for( let i = 0; i < 10; i++){
    console.log( 'hey there');
  }
}
// function invocation
logStrings( ) 

You need a return statemtn to end a function. 
* Arguments / parameters (inputs)
  * Arguments are values
  * Parametes are variable inside declaration
* Return Statement defines and output value for the code outisde the function return. 
* If you need to use a debugger, put it at the start of the function.


## Lab 04:
Driver:
* responsible for all the typing

Navigator:
* Researching and informing the driver what code to write. 

The Driver will be working on the nagigators project/code. The driver will  be requesting a change, also known as a pull request.
Steps to do a pull request.
  1. The driver will fork the nagigators repo. ( a copy from one code base into antother persons github account.)
  2. The driver will clone the form onto their local machine. 
  3. Do the work like normal. 
  4. When finished, make an add/commit/push to your for. 
  5. Open a pull request from your fork to the original navigator repo. 
  6. Navigator will acept the PullRequest.

## Read: Class 04. 

### Learn HTML

1. You would put in in an < a> < /a> tag with the  link inside of < a> using an href.

2. The Href will have the link. href="link"

3. Using keywords for search engines, and having descriptive link text so that people who skim pages see the link and click it. 

### CSS Layout
1. Normal Flow is a layout that makes the website readable and accessable by very limited browsers or devices like a screen reader. it makes a readable document.

2. Inline elements are used to adjust the size of your cocntent but block can be used to control the display of the elements. 

3. Static Positioning

4. if you want a certain layout, absolute positioning will have it keep that layout regardless of browser setting or size. 

5. absolute positioning will have it keep that layout regardless of browser setting or size. 

fixed puts the element in a visible portion of the viewport.

### Learn JS:
1.  declaring is making the function while invoking is is including the name of the function somewhere in your code.

2. uhhh .-.

### Miscellaneous.

1. Speaking: using the correct words to communicate an idea
Writing: producing from scratch a meaningful, well structured solution

If im able to communicate what I want through code, I will have to understand it myself. 

## THings I want to know more about.