# Class 06

Review:


### JS Objects.
* JS - is an object oriented language, everything deep down is an object. 
* A JS object is a thing with properties and methods attached to them. 
* Object Literals = Objects created with curly brackets. 
  * examples: 
  * let array = [ 'jacob',33]  
  * let object = { 
    name:'David',
    age:33,
    like js: true,    
    speak:function( ){
      console.log( 'hello! my name is:' + this.name)
    }
  }
    * Object contains key/value pairs.
    * Object Values that are function are called methods. 
    * CRUD - Creat/Read/Update/Delete
* Contextual 'this':
  * Definition: 'this' refers to the object that is wrapping 'this' in curly brackets.
  * This is a contextual argument, it can refer to anything in your object. 'this' always refers to object were operating in. 

### DOM Document Object Model API
  DOM application programming interface for your program to let you create, read, update, or delete stuff in your HTML document.  

## LAB BNOTES
Math.floor(Math.random() * (65 - 23) + 23)

function getRandomInterger()

## Read: Class 06

### JavaScript Object Basics
1. How would you describe an object to a non-technical friend you grew up with?

A: An object in JavaScript is a collection of related data that consist of several variablles and functions which take on the name properties and methods when inside  an object.

2. What are some advantages to creating object literals?

A: A big advantage of an object is they can act similar to an array, but if you want to access the information in there, you do so by usuing the name associated with the object rather than using an index number.

3. How do objects differ from arrays?

A: I kinda gave the answer to this in last answer... "A big advantage of an object is they can act similar to an array, but if you want to access the information in there, you do so by usuing the name associated with the object rather than using an index number."

4. Give an example for when you would need to use bracket notation to access an object’s property instead of dot notation.

A: When an object property name is held in a variable.

5. Evaluate the code below. What does the term this refer to and what is the advantage to using this?

A: "this" in the code refers to the object in the code. The reason you use "this" is because if you have to make an object literal more than once, "this lets you use the same method of definition for every object you create. 

### Introduction To The DOM
1. What is the DOM?

A. "The Document Object Model (DOM) is the data representation of the objects that comprise the structure and content of a document on the web."
^pulled straight from reading.

2. Briefly describe the relationship between the DOM and JavaScript.

A: DOM isnt a programming language, but JavaScript uses DOM to access documents and elements of a web page, HTML documents, and SVG docs. DOM is a web API used to build Websites. 