# Class 201 day 2 Reading Notes
## Data Types/Structures.
### 5 Immutable Data Types
* Strings - 'Charecters wrapped in quotes'
* Numbers - Any numerical value, fractions, decimals, intergers, and floats. 
* Booleans - True and False. (yes no, on off, true false.)
* Null - Should be a value, but hasnt been set yet. Missing Values.
* Undefiined - Something that the program doesnt need to worry about. Missing Values.

### DATA STRUCTURES.
* Array - First data structure we learn about. Example let myFirstArray =  []; or myFirstArray.push(1); myFirstArray[0] - Grab the thing in the front of the array; 
Takeaways!: 
* Try and keep your data types organized/together. 
* Data Structures are mutable. Data types not so much.
### Conditional Logic and Flow Control(Run Some Lines, Ignore Others)
* Your code runs from top to bottom, left to right. 
Let name = prompt('What is your name?')

let hasToGoToBathroom = false;
if (hasToGoToBathroom){
  alert('Stopping for the bathroom')
}

let themePark='disney';
if (themePark === 'disney') {
  Alert('We;re going to disney world!');
} else {
  alert('I guess we're going to Universal')
}

let foodPreference = 'Burger King';
if (FoodPreference === 'McDonalds!!); {
    alert('Going to McDonalds!!);
} else if (foodPreference === 'Burger King) {
  alert('Going to Burger King!);
}

### Switch Statement: 
switch (){}

let foodPreference = 'Jimm Johns';
switch (foodPreference) {
  case 'Jimmy Johns';
    alert ('we're going to Jimmy Johns')
    break;
  case 'McDonalds';
    alert ('we're going to McDonalds);
    break;
  case 'Burger King'
    // Stuff goes here
  default:
    // This runs if no case is triggered.
}

## Lab Prep
* Git and Github
* Repo setup and lab submission.

* What is Git? Git is software used as a save state
* What is GitHub? Service that uses git to publish / share code.


## Review: 
Infinite While Loop
let name = prompt ( "What is your name");
let timeAsked = O;

while ( !name && timeAsked < 3){
  
}