# More Java Script!

## Review from class 06/JSintro: 
* **Data Types?**
  * Booleans - True/False
  * Strings - Words or number in between quotes.
  * Text Charecters
  * Numbers - thing without quotes. Numerical characters/ things that represent numbers. Math.(Max) 
  * "" '' Make it a string
* **Variables** What is a Variable? 
  * A name you would assign to something. 
  * Variable example: let person = 'Jacob'
  * Person can be any word for the developer to know what it does.

* **Conditional Statement** What is a Conditional Statement?
  * If/else - Statement that applies logic, if the logic is true code runs, if the logic is false code might not run.

* Hot to link JavaScript into HTML 
  * < html>
    * < script> 
      * let person = 'jacob';
    * </ script>
  * </ hmtl>

  * *You need to use a < script> element in your HTML to write JS in it. 

## **JavaScript** Functions
  * Functions, a way to make the code that we write re-usable. It's variable that store code. 
  * Example:
    * *How do you brush your teeth?*
    1. Grab tooth brush with your hand.
    2. Wet Tooth Brush in Shower
    3. Open toothpaste with foot
    4. Apply Toothpaste to toothbrush
    5. etc. Make it specific for the computer to understand exactly what you are doing. 

  * **Function Exampe**
    * function sayName(greeting){
      let name = 'Jacob';

      document.write(greeting + name) = 'HelloJacob
      <---_this is called fuction signature, It uses a build in function to write to our document._ 
    }

      sayName('hello');

    * argument / parameters
      * Argument is value
      * parameters is

## **Coat Excercise** Give instructions like you're teaching a computer to put on a jacket.
### *Coat Instructions:Needed to do it in JS Ignore this section D;*
  * Begin to search for jacket with left and right eyes. 
  * Once jacket is true, use following steps...
  * Open right hand
  * Grab left edge of jacket collar with right hand
  * Raise right hand with jacket collar gripped in hand
  * Make sure jacket isnt inside out, and the fleece side of jacket is on the palm of right hand
  * Raise left hand
  * Search for left sleeve opening on the inside of jacket
  * Once opening is true, insert left hand and arm into left sleeve opening until left hand presses through the outword hole of the jacket sleeve
  * Release right hand, which releases jacket. 
  * If jacket release is true, use left hand that is inside left jacket sleeve, reach towards left collar and grab it. 
  * Once grabbing left collar with left hand is true, raise left arm up with jacket collar in left hand until it is approximatly the same height as the top of head. 
  * While holding the left collar at top of head level 
  * Raise right arm and reach around the back side of human and use feeling senses to try and feel out the fleece side of jacket
  * Once the inside of the jacket is detected with right hand, grip right hand with the jacket in the palm of right hand
  * Once hand grip of jacket fleeece is true, bring right arm and hand back to the resting position on the right side of body. Make sure that jacket fleece is resting on the shoulder of hooman.
  * Once jacket and hand is in place release right hands grip from jacket and let it fall free
  * Fold right arm at elbow joint and.
  * to be continued.......

 ### *Universal Coat Instructions in JS*
  * 

