# Final Grades/Next Steps
* 90% is required to pass.
* Final submissions are due sunday july 2nd.  
* Final exam is open note.
  * Jacob Recommends running all the code in your browser to check if it works.
  * 20 questions on exam, 80% to pass, 1 retake, you cant miss more than 4 questions total. 
  * You're guarenteed 1 retake, and make sure to reach out to Jacob/instructor. If you fail retake definitly contact Jacob. 
## Contents on the Exam. 
### *HTML*
  * Elemnt Tags
  * Semantic Tags
  * Attributes Tags 
* Inproper nesting would be using an opening tag but an improper closing tag. 

### *CSS*
  * CSS selectors.
  * General CSS class and index.
  * CSS class and id selectors.
  * Valid CSS syntax / rules.

### *JS*
* Use a webpage console to confirm that codes work. There are "gotcha" in the quiz.
  * Variables
  * Functions
  * Data Types
  * Conditional Logic.
  * Loops
    * For/While Loops
      * Both Loops run lines of code more than once. 
    * For syntax: //Code needs to run a certain number of times for
      * Example (let i = 0;   i < 5;               i++)

                 ^Iterator     ^break condition     ^While loop
    * While syntax: 
  * Validate Expressions
  * there will be questions about bugs "Is this JS valid?"

### *Terminal Commands*
* git is most important terminal commands
  * git add - adds a file to git  
  * git commit - commits changes to a git file
  * git push - pushes file to online repository 
  * git clone - clones a URL file o
  * git status - files/actions takes since last push?
* More Commands
  * Touch - used to access different parts of files
  * Mkdir - creates a new directory
  * tree
  * mv - moving
  * cp - copying
  * rm - removing
  * ls - it can list files or different directories
  * cd - changes the directory
* Path/Pathing

## Feedback survey!