# Read 01
echo 'alias pgstart="pg_ctl -D /home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew/var/postgresql@14 start"' >> ~/.zshrc
echo 'alias pgstop="pg_ctl -D /home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew/var/postgresql@14 stop"' >> ~/.zshrc

Pg start
pg stop


## Reading 01:

### Reading
  1. How would you describe Node to a non-technical friend?
  - Node is a tool that lets you use JavaScript outside of a web browser and run it with your computer instead.

2. What does it mean that Node is a JavaScript runtime?
  - Node is a JavaScript runtime, which means it provides an environment for executing JavaScript code on a computer. It's not limited to web browsers and allows you to run JavaScript on servers or perform various tasks on your computer.

3. What is Node used for?
  - Node is used for a variety of purposes, including running server side applications, building real time applications like chat or collaborative tools, automating tasks on your computer, creating command line tools, and building cross-platform desktop applications.

### Additional Questions
1. Looking ahead at this module’s course schedule, What do you look forward to learning?
  - More JavaScript :D

2. What are your learning goals after reading and reviewing the class README?
- n/a

## Prep: Data Structures and Algorithms

1. What is 1 of the more important things you should consider when deciding which data structure is best suited to solve a particular problem?
  - Select data structures based on the problem's operation efficiency. The choice can greatly affect solution efficiency due to varying performance characteristics.

2. How can we ensure that we’ll avoid an infinite recursive call stack?
  - Prevent infinite recursion with a terminating base case, making sure it's reached during the recursive process to avoid endless calls.

## Prep: Engineering Readings
1. What’s the one thing I bring to this career (and a potential employer) that nobody else can?
- I dont really know how to answer this honestly.

2. What are 3 things I’ll start doing to “un-stick” myself whenever I get stuck on tough piece of code, logic, or feature?
  - Read and Understand the Problem Thoroughly: I will spend more time reading the problem statement. I will read it multiple times if necessary to ensure complete understanding.

  - Solve the Problem Manually: Before writing any code, I will work through the problem with different methodes (whiteboard).

  - Optimize and Pseudocode: I will look for ways to simplify and optimize my solutions.