## Reading 03
in todays lab:

npm init
npm install
npm install sequalize  // const { Sequelize, DataTypes } = require( 'sequelize' ) // const sequelize = new Sequelize()
 

### Review: ES6 Classes

1. Classes are a template for creating ____.
  - Classes are a template for creating objects.

2. Can a class declaration be hoisted?
  - No, a class declaration cannot be hoisted. It behaves similarly to let and const in terms of hoisting, so it is not accessible before the class declaration in the code.

3. How would you describe a constructor and contextual “this” to a non-technical friend?
  -  A constructor is a special function that helps create objects based on a class's template.


### Using Express Routing

1. Within Express, what does routing refer to?
  - Within Express, routing refers to how an application's endpoints (URIs) respond to client requests. It involves defining routes using methods like app.get() or app.post() to handle specific HTTP methods and specifying callback functions to respond to requests at those routes.

2. What is the difference between a route path and a route method?
  - The difference between a route path and a route method is that a route path defines the endpoint URL where requests can be made, while a route method specifies the HTTP method (e.g., GET, POST) used to access that route. For example, app.get('/about', callback) combines a route path ("/about") and a route method (GET).

3. When is it appropriate to add next as a parameter to a route handler and what must you do if next has been passed to your middleware as a parameter?
  - It is okay to add next as a parameter to a route handler when you want to pass control to the next middleware or route handler in the sequence. If next is passed to your middleware as a parameter, you must call next() within the middleware to ensure the request continues to the next middleware or route handler in the chain.


### Express Routing

1. What is an Express Router?
  - An Express Router is a feature introduced in ExpressJS 4.0 that allows developers to create modular and organized route handlers for web applications. It functions as a mini-Express application, providing routing APIs like .use, .get, .param, and route, making it easier to manage and structure routes.

2. By what mean do we initialize express.Router() in an express server?
  - To initialize an Express Router in an Express server, you create an instance of the Router ( let router = express.Router(); ), and then you can then define routes and middleware for this router instance before applying it to your application.  

3. What do we use route middleware for?
  - Route middleware in Express is used to perform actions or operations before a specific route handler is executed. It can be used for tasks such as user authentication, logging, data validation, and more. Middleware functions are executed in the order they are defined and can modify the request or response objects or terminate the request processing.
