# Reading


## Socket.io Chat Example

1. Explain to a non-technical recruiter what the Chat Example (above) does.
  - The Chat Example is a basic real-time chat application using Node.JS and Socket.IO. It allows users to send messages, and these messages are then relayed to all other users in real-time without frequent server polling.

2. What proof of life are we getting on the backend from the above app?
  - On the backend, when a user connects to the chat, a "a user connected" message is displayed in the console. Similarly, a "user disconnected" message is displayed when a user disconnects.

3. Socket.IO gives us the i0.emit() method to send an event to everyone. What flag would you use if you want to send a message to everyone except for a certain emitting socket?
  - If you want to send a message to everyone except for a certain emitting socket, you would use the broadcast flag with the emit method, as demonstrated by socket.broadcast.emit('hi');.

## Rooms

1. What is a room and how might a room be useful?
  - A room is a feature allowing sockets to subscribe to a given channel, facilitating targeted event broadcasting. It is useful for sending data or notifications to specific user devices, entities, or groups.

2. How do you join a room?
  - To join a room, you use the "join" method on a socket, as shown: socket.join("some room");.

3. how do you leave a room?
  - To leave a room, you call the "leave" method on the socket in the same manner as "join". Upon disconnection, sockets automatically leave all channels they were a part of.

## Namespaces

1. What is a Namespace and what does it allow you to do?
  - A Namespace is a customizable routing system in the IO framework. It allows the separation of concerns by creating distinct communication channels.

2. Each namespace potentially has its own what? (hint: 3 things)
  - Each namespace has its own event handlers, rooms, and middlewares.

3. Discuss a possible use case for separate namespaces
  - A use case for separate namespaces is when an application has multiple tenants, allowing dynamic creation of a namespace per tenant. Another example is creating a special namespace for authorized users only.

## Reflection

1. What are your learning goals after reading and reviewing the class README?
  - My goal is to be able to describe and define messaging queues accurately and be able to implement it properly.