# Reading

## What is Role Based Access Control (RBAC)?

1. What is Role Based Access Control (RBAC)?
- Role Based Access Control (RBAC) restricts network access based on a person's role within an organization, determining levels of access employees have to the network.

2. Share some an example of RBAC including all possible CRUD operations and correlating roles.
- In RBAC, users can be designated as administrators, specialist users, or end users. Permissions align with job positions, and roles like Management role group grant access to specific tasks. Assigning a user to a role group grants access to that group's roles.

3. What are the Benefits of RBAC?
- Benefits of RBAC include streamlining network access, reducing administrative work, maximizing operational efficiency, and improving compliance with regulations.

## Compare and Contrast the following two Libraries and the following questions. Yes, they are similarly named.

### react-cookie library
### react-cookies component

1. Describe some react-cookie features.
- React cookie offers features like setting default values for cookies, accessing and modifying cookies with React hooks, and providing cookie options like path, expiry, domain, and security attributes.

2. Describe some react-cookies features.
- React cookies provides functionalities to load, save, and remove cookies. It supports isomorphic cookies and has methods to load all cookies or selectively with regex. It also includes similar cookie options like path, expiry, and domain.

3. Which library would you prefer would you prefer? Why?
- n/a