# Read 26

## Reading
### React Quick Start

### Read the React Quick Start quide, to refresh your memory on React.

1. What are the building blocks of a React app?
- React apps are made of components, which are pieces of the UI with their own logic and appearance.

2. What is the difference between an HTML element and a React component?
- React components are JavaScript functions returning markup; they start with a capital letter, while HTML elements are lowercase.

3. What is JSX and why do we use it?
- JSX is a markup syntax used in React for convenience, stricter than HTML.

4. Describe the process of embedding JavaScript expressions in JSX.
- Curly braces in JSX allow embedding JavaScript expressions.

5. Does React or JSX have any special features for iteration or conditional logic?
- React uses regular JavaScript techniques like if statements, the conditional ? operator, and the map() function for iteration and conditionals.

6. How does React know to respond to a user’s inputs?
- React responds to user inputs using event handlers, such as onClick.

7. What word indicates that a React component manages data with a Hook?
- The word "useState" indicates that a component manages data with a Hook.

8. How can two react components share data?
- To share data between components, move state to a common ancestor and pass it down using props.

### Render and Commit

1. What are the three steps of refreshing a React UI?
- Trigger, Render, Commit.

2. How do you trigger updates to a component after the initial render?
- By updating its state with the set function.

3. Does React recreate DOM nodes on every rerender?
- No, it only changes DOM nodes if there’s a difference between renders.

4. After React has updated the DOM, what still needs to happen
- The browser will repaint the screen.

