# Class Notes!
* Readings - DOne before the start of class the reading is assigned to.
* Code Challenges - Small code exercises meant to take about an  hour, 1 duie each day. Accompanied by a short lecture / Demo from instructor, 
* Lab - On the job feature(s) to be comnpleted and turned in by the end of the day. They are meant to take several hours. 
* Learning journals - Conversation with yourself / Instructor, reflection of your learning each day. 
* Career Coaching Assignments 0 Sprinkled throughout the course. 
* Revview Queizzes - Review topics throughout the week to help prep you for the exam in the 3rd week.

## GitHub
* Content management system where all the content for tclass is published. 

## Shred Talk for Code Challange 1
### array.prototype.forEach
* Similar to a for loop.
* A callback function is a function that is invoked by some other code.

## Take Aways From React
  * A lot of new stuff.
  * Dynamic change code with React. 
  * How do you start a new react project??
    1. Download reat stuff using npm:
      npm create vite@latest
    2. install our React Code
      cd NAME_OF_PROJECT
      npm install
    3. start our reacat project.
      npm run dev
### What is a react component? 
* A piece of the bigger react puzzle.
  * Every component follows the same rules, but they can differ in size / scope
* LoadReact Components? 
  * Export the component at the bottom of the file. 
  * Import the component at the top of another component ( app if its the only one for now. )
* How can you pass values between react components? 
  * Make sure your component is extends react.component 
  * Use props!!!!!!!!!
    * Props are defined when called apon by another component or parent component.
    * Props are used inside the component constructor attached to 'this' in the render statement. 

# Read 01

## Component-Based Architecture
1. What is a “component”?
* A component is a modular and reusable software unit with well-defined functionality. It offers a higher-level interface, aiming for reusability and composability.

2. What are the characteristics of a component?
* Characteristics include reusability, replaceability, non-context specificity, extensibility, encapsulation, and independence.
3. What are the advantages of using component-based architecture?
* Advantages of component based architecture include reduced time-to-market and cost through reuse, increased reliability, ease of development, deployment, modification, and maintenance, while enhancing system reliability and productivity.

## What is Props and How to Use it in React
1. What is “props” short for?
* "Props" is short for "properties" in React.
2. How are props used in React?
* Props are used to pass data from one component to another. They are defined as attributes with values and are passed into React components, allowing dynamic rendering of data.
3. What is the flow of props?
* The flow of props is unidirectional, going from a parent component to its child components. Props data is immutable, and child components use interpolation to render the passed data.