# Class 02

## Read 02:
### Reading: React lifecycle
1. Based off the diagram, what happens first, the ‘render’ or the ‘componentDidMount’?
 * The render happens first, followed by componentDidMount.

2. What is the very first thing to happen in the lifecycle of React?
* The first thing to happen in the React component lifecycle is the constructor method.

3. Put the following things in the order that they happen: componentDidMount, render, constructor, componentWillUnmount, React Updates
*  Constructor, render, componentDidMount, React Updates, componentWillUnmount.

4. What does componentDidMount do?
* componentDidMount is called immediately after a component is mounted. It's used for tasks like network requests, DOM initialization, and setting up subscriptions. It's also a place where setState() can be used, but sparingly, due to potential performance issues.

### Videos: React State Vs Props
1. What types of things can you pass in the props?
* Props are used to initialize a component, or determines what your component will render like.

2. What is the big difference between props and state?
* State is stored inside a component while props are used outside of a component.

3. When do we re-render our application?
* When you want something to change in your app, you need to have the changes stored in state so it properly re renders when the changes are made.

4. What are some examples of things that we could store in state?
* Changes in the application, for example if you have an app that is a form element, and if its updated by the user, state can store the changes made.