# Reading Nots Class 06
## Announcements:
- LAsk week was the intro to react!

- Thiss week - thinking full stack

- Front end (Browser Application / React) + Back end (Web Services / REST API's)

- 1 on 1 meetings are happening!
  - I will be scheduling time with each of you this week or next.


## Pass By Values vs Pass by Reference:
- Defining Variables in JS:
  - 3 things when you create a variable:
    - Create some system memory space for 'Jacob'
    - Assign that space and address. 
    - Create a 'pointer' to that address. (Name) 

- Javascript treats immutable and mutable values differently.

- immutable:
  - Strings, 
  - Null
  - Numbers
  - Undefined
  - booleans

- Mutable
  - Object literals
  - Arrays

- HTTP
  - Hyper Text Transfer Protocol (The internet in general)
  - HTML (Hyper Text Markup Language)
  - CRUD (Create Read Update Delete)
    - HTTP Methods correlate to computer operations
    - Create - Post
    - Read - Get
    - Update - Put(Replacing) / Patch(Partial Update)
    - Delete - DELETE (Removing Something) 

- REST 
  - Representatuibak State Transfer

- Status Codes
  - 200 - OKAY
  - 404 - Not Found, the resource does not exist, route does not exist, methoid does not exist.
  - (2XX) - Request was resolved.
  - (3XX) - Request was resolved but actions required. 
  - (4XX) - Request was not resolved (Error has occured), its a you problem.
  - (5XX) - Request was not resolved (Error has occured), its a server problem.
 
## Making HTTP Requests:
- API Usage:
  - Some API's limit amount of requests / require authentication.
  - Many API's require an API key.


## Read: 06

### What Google Learned From Its Quest to Build the Perfect Team
#### needed access to NYT to access this reading. Kinda making up answers.
- If you’ve read this before, skim this article again for a refresher.
  - n/a
- To what extent did psychological safety impact your previous work experience?
  - There was poor psychological safety, and it made the work environment bad.

- How does this article inform your approach to working with others moving forward?
  - N/a

### How I explained REST to my brother

- Who is Roy Fielding?
  - Roy played a significant role in developing the first web servers and conducting research explaining the functioning of the web. He is known for his contribution to the HTTP protocol

- Why don’t the techniques that we use in this class work well when we need to be able to talk to all of the machines in the world?
  - The techniques taught in the class were not originally designed to enable communication with all machines worldwide. They were created for smaller scale communication. Fielding and his colleagues, when building the web, prioritized the ability to talk to any machine globally, leading to the development of the HTTP protocol

- What is the HTTP protocol that Fielding and his friends created?
  - The HTTP (Hypertext Transfer Protocol) is a protocol that Roy Fielding and his colleagues helped create. It is a foundational protocol used on the internet to transfer documents and data between servers and web browsers.

- What does a GET do?
  - A GET request in HTTP retrieves data or resources from a specified URL. It is used to request information from a server, such as web pages, and is one of the fundamental HTTP verbs.

- What does a POST do?
  - A POST request in HTTP is used to submit or send data to be processed to a specified resource, often resulting in the creation of a new resource on the server. It is used when you want to add or insert data.

- What does PUT do?
  - A PUT request in HTTP is used to update or replace an existing resource on the server with the data provided in the request. It is used to modify the state of a resource.

- What does PATCH do?
  - A PATCH request in HTTP is used to apply partial modifications to a resource. It is used when you want to make specific changes to a resource without replacing it entirely.