# Reading notes class 14
## Final Exam Notes:
STATE: Object thaat changes, belongs to "this" 

Make Sure to toggleModal = () => {

}

 ^^^ Example for modal's from bootstrap.

 REST 

 GET -> C(read)UD

 POST -> (Create)RUD

 PUT -> CR(UpdateA)D

 PATCH -> CR(UpdateB)D

 DELETE -> CRU(Delete)

- If you want to target something: 
  - REQUEST {
  - METHOD: POST <---- Tells us how we is making it
  - ENDPOINT: /bananas <----- Tells us what we are making
  - BODY: (type: 'delicious')
  }

## Read 14.

### Consider the history: That Time When Women Stopped Coding

1. What occurred during the same time as the beginning of the decline of women in computer science?
- During the same time as the beginning of the decline of women in computer science, personal computers started showing up in U.S. homes in significant numbers.

2. Why does it matter that males had been playing on computers growing up?
- It matters that males had been playing on computers growing up because the marketing and narrative around early personal computers being toys for boys contributed to the decline of women in computer science.

### Ask the question: Why diversity matters to your tech company

1. When are diversity efforts most successful?
- Diversity efforts are most successful when driven by leadership commitment.

2. Why do diverse companies perform better?
- Diverse companies perform better financially due to increased innovation and creativity.

3. Give an example of how a diverse company can serve a diverse user base or vise-versa.
  - Companies miss out on great talent when they fail to hire from underrepresented backgrounds. Promoting diversity and inclusion is also the right thing to do, reducing social inequality and benefiting from diverse ideas.