# Class 07
- Express is a framework for creating HTTP REST servers


## Read 07:

### Reading
#### An Introduction to Node.js on sitepoint.com

1. What is node.js?
- NodeJS is a JavaScript runtime built on Google Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine.

2. In your own words, what is Chrome’s V8 JavaScript Engine?
- It is an engine designed in Google Chrome to execute JavaScript, and Node extends V8 with features like a file system API, an HTTP library, and operating system utilities. 

3. What does it mean that node is a JavaScript runtime?
- This refers to Node.js's primary role in executing JavaScript code outside of web browsers

4. What is npm?
- NPM is node package manager.

5. What version of node are you running on your machine?
- v20.3.1

6. What version of npm are you running on your machine?
- 9.6.7

7. What command would you type to install a library/package called ‘jshint’?
- npm install -g jshint

8. What is node used for?
- Node provides the user a way to write javascript code outside of the browser which allows for the use of it on a server side/backend setting.

#### 6 Reasons for Pair Programming

1. What are the 6 reasons for pair programming?
  - Greater Efficiency:
  - Engaged Collaboration: 
  - Learning Opportunity: 
  - Social Skills: 
  - Job Interview Readiness:
  - Work Environment Readiness:

2. In your experience, which of these reasons have you found most beneficial?
- Learning Opportunity. Getting to see someonelses though process has helped me build my own understanding.

3. How does pair programming work?
- Pair Programming involves two roles. The Driver, who writes the code, and the Navigator, who guides and reviews the code.