# Class 04
## In class Notes
#### Array.prototype.sort
.forEach() - for loop with a callback, 
.map() - for loop with a callback, that also returns a totally array.
.filter() - Use a callback to remove items -> return true to keep / return false to remove.

.sort(a,b) - use a comparator callback 
  * The callback should return: 
    * Numbers less than 0 (a combes before b)
    * 0 (they are equeal - no movement necessary)
    * Numbers greater than 0 (b comes before a)



## Read Class 04:
### React Docs - Forms

1.  is a ‘Controlled Component’?
  * A Controlled Component refers to an input form element in React whose value is managed by React's state. The component's value attribute is set based on the state, making it a single source of truth for the element's value.

2. Should we wait to store the users responses from the form into state when they submit the form OR should we update the state with their responses as soon as they enter them? Why.
  * It's recommended to update the state with user responses as they enter them. This allows for real time validation, feedback, and dynamic interactions, enhancing the user experience. Controlled components enable direct synchronization between UI and state.

3. How do we target what the user is entering if we have an event handler on an input field?
  * To target user input with an event handler on an input field, you can access the entered value through event.target.value within the event handler function. This value corresponds to the text entered by the user in the input field.

### The Conditional (Ternary) Operator Explained

1. Why would we use a ternary operator?
  *  We use a ternary operator to create a more concise and readable conditional expression. It allows us to conditionally choose between two values or expressions based on a given condition.

2. Rewrite the following statement using a ternary statement:
  * console.log(x === y ? true : false);

